There are two events :

Online coding round (4 Round)
Interview round (4 Round )
Online Coding Round :

MCQ/ Objective Round- 40 Technical questions like output based and oops-based and some of them are SQL (Easy-Medium) + 10 Aptitude(Easy). There are negative markings for MCQs. If you clear this round then only you get the link for the next round. In my college, only 27 students are selected among 400+ students.
Subjective Round- This round consists of 3 Coding questions and 1 output-based question(Medium level). You have to solve it with given time and space complexity with proper commenting then only you’ll shortlist. I have done all four but some students who solve all 3 coding questions also got shortlisted. only 7 students are shortlisted among 27. The question was from Tree and the linked list.
Coding Round 1- This round consists of 3 coding questions (Medium level). I have solved all 3 and got shortlisted for the next round. Only 2 students are shortlisted among 7 students. Again, all questions are from Tree and linked list and Array. commenting is necessary and also write time and space complexity.
Coding Round 2 – This round also consists of 3 coding questions and was live proctoring, which means you’ll get a message from the company and you have to respond in the chat box. I have done all 3 questions with comments and given time and space complexity and only I select for the next round( interview ).
Interview Round :

Round -1: This one is a technical interview and asked 2 DSA questions only.

Asteroid Collision Leetcode 735
Binary tree to doubly linked list variation.
I have answered both and get selected for the next round.

Round – 2: This one is also a technical Interview and asked 2 DSA questions only.

From Binary search (Not remember)
Trim a BST Leetcode 669
Not selected for the next round.

Final Verdict- Rejected.

Tips:- Prepare for Tree, LinkedList, and Binary search. Write comments in the online coding round with time and space complexity.

All the Best.
